---
title: Migration
page_title: Migration - Application Management - Kendo UI Builder
description: "Manually update the metadata versions of the application and the metadata versions that are supported by the Kendo UI Builder tool."
slug: migration_kuib
position: 3
---

# Migration

Migration is the process of updating application metadata to the latest format supported by Kendo UI Builder.

Application metadata has its own version which helps Kendo UI Builder to know when applications metadata are in incompatible format. In such cases metadata should be migrated to the latest format.

In General Kendo UI builder does not introduce breaking changes in metadata. Then it is possible metadata to be migrated automatically. Applications with possible metadata migration are marked with  **Migration Required** state label. Two options for trigger migration are available:
* Try to open app for editing. A dialog will be prompted with an option to migrate application before editing.
* Click the **Settings** menu and then select **Migrate** item.

There could have cases of very old applications where metadata cannot be migrated automatically. Then these applications will be marked with **Incompatible** state label. The only possible way to edit such applications is to manually convert metadata in campatible format.

> * The version of the Kendo UI Builder is not related to the metadata versions it supports.
> * Migration process do not analyze and convert custom application code that is not compatible with autogenerated application code.

## Suggested Links

* [Handling the Application State]({% slug app_state_kuib %})
* [Managing the Application]({% slug managingtheapp_kuib %})
* [Dashboard]({% slug dashboard_kuib %})
